Add docs for feature reset API (#71759)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/features/apis/reset-features-api.asciidoc

[[reset-features-api]]
=== Reset Features API
++++
<titleabbrev>Reset features</titleabbrev>
++++

experimental::[]

Clears the state of features in Elasticsearch, including security and machine
learning indices.

WARNING: This may be useful for testing clusters, but should not be used in
production clusters.

[source,console]
-----------------------------------
POST /_features/_reset
-----------------------------------

[[reset-features-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

`POST /_features/_reset`

[[reset-features-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

> A feature state includes one or more system indices necessary for a given
> feature to function. Built-in features and features defined by plugins may
> or may not provide endpoints for resetting the state of those features, so
> this endpoint provides a high-level way of clearing cluster state.
> 
> Use the <<get-features-api,get features API>> to see a list of features that
> will be affected by this endpoint. This API clears all features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return a cluster to the same state as a new installation by resetting the feature state for all {es} features. This deletes all state information stored in system indices.

Note that select features might provide a way to reset particular system indices. Using this API resets _all_ features, both those that are built-in and implemented as plugins. 

To list the features that will be affected, use the <<get-features-api,get features API>>. 
```

WARNING: The list of features that will be cleared comes from the node against
which you issue this command, so if you have any doubts about which nodes have
certain plugins installed, you will want to issue your command against the
master node.

==== {api-examples-title}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example response:
```
